hey guys I am here to show you guys the
complete unboxing of British Airways 747
Nash 401 rolled color scheme I have the
package right here and I'm so excited
right now here it is the package let's
just get right into it because I'm so
excited
got my knife unboxing knife so I should
start whoops okay okay cut step off
wrong box though bumfuck from one plane
okay I am still ordered more planes I am
ordering the forum title 7 for 7 - 401
roll color scheme just like this one but
just Qantas and the total seven four
seven I know what your bed may be seeing
I know I said on the yeah matches
preview video and Delta self I said nice
200 unboxing that I already have that
plane but what I meant was that was just
now just fold it and I'm warming it well
next time I will tell you which plane I
am ordering at which point I actually
have okay it's open and I'm about to
take it out a bit so excited but for
some reason the box is Airbus a340 - 300
here - Haiti Nui huh I've been wondering
that once I got it
but they send me another to hit a plane
I'll be frustrated and angry because I
want this British Airways plane and I
just hope it's a British Air spine what
you'll find out know it's foam the foam
inside of it the worst part is it's pink
it's pink
garanito but looks like it's white but
pink oh oh I feel it it's in my
hand right now no get up okay here then
I'm taking it out of the box oh ho ho
that is sweet
Oh
British Airways seven four seven dash
401 world colour scheme so excited right
now I always wonder what the proof when
I get a new plane I always wonder if the
wheels roll roll the wheels roll and how
heavy it is well it's the same four
seven course could be heavy and how it
looks like I feel like know that stuff
but let's find out Wow all then it's
awesome beautiful just beautiful
there the words don't need that well
probably could but I don't know what
they just take it out I just want to see
the same person in my hands
okay that's how it looks like in the box
that's how it looks like out the box
take this box out of the way okay get
ready here we go that was easy
it sticks right there
we're in large plastic okay I'm so
excited right now and it's brand-new
so I'll just open it oh look at that
it's heavy now that's one of my question
it's smooth and this is how it looks
like in person or size oh yeah let me
just get put that right here here's a
size of the slices I'm just going to
show you how to are the actual sizes
here's a bowling pin
that's how it looks like the British are
waiting is actually longer okay take
that pill
oh hi it's almost all my questions and I
see the wheels roll oh my god
actually rules that save it does maybe
oh my god a roll that's so cool I'm hot
I knew probably it would roll because I
saw the Gemini just videos from from
Gemini Jets with a Z about Delta
Airlines and force an unboxing and the
Qantas and for seven one more color
scheme unboxing and Hema and say that
both of them will roll oh yeah so okay
guys thank oh like this plane and
subscribe subscribe rate and comment
go for it stop this video I just want to
like you guys let you guys admire the
logo I really like that logo well bye